life does not stop for the sea ​​that does not stop
position of the camera the mother
spread everything or seen it 's alright
here always with joy always with
port and 9 point with the
Mourinho is rescuing son and michael
Andretti on her bike I already know what it is
and come on let's go
a hug to all who accompany the
Thank you for playing a game there very well.
represented and monsters is crazy
I would end up in Morumbi to do this
rescue
suicide suicidal redeem haiku stay
Quiet but the number one fan
always with joy always with
disposition and emotion is that there always
I was on the bike tomorrow the weather is not
helping much older did not
a tractor may stop appearing
after construction
As we said, we have now change if you change already.
Today is always the time to change
do not wait there as the wait can be
iPho the delayed mono Jojoy
she wants it to close there is not no
O
closed circuits
the site at mike 9mm and point with 3m
This is not from the mike 9mm clothing website.
toulon and his e-mail is not the site the site
www.mayoclinic.org mmm.com what I
I said now it's the mail site mike clothing
9mm tale with this is a site where you
buy directly with me stealthily
open to the public and not even
said the same as saying that it is authorized
To speak my name, I 'm not talking about service anymore.
are all saved all from
the beginning
no more private email than all
messages once said agenda all
stops stored in the main
always as far as possible we will
reply to all emails do not let
nobody on the right hand
as well as one day I am 12 nobody
I know that whoever accompanies me and likes me
So I've had enough of it when it used to be.
Let's see what it is that you pull.
bodybuilding iron anyway I liked it
of my time I walked a little like this never went
answered by none is because it seems
as much as possible to
reply
Do you still see my love for God?
Talk about our visit is is I expect a
time there that sometimes they have not even understood
so corresponding
I'll talk as much as possible, you guys.
see you then sometimes to you
they want everything uphill by cool face that
Take care and hug
it's not that I did not read around the penalties
you can see that all means are
answered
according to what is written there in the
fist and 6 126 power none
now unfortunately it was impossible not
It's everyone who sent me the most
You do not know that mine was sent I did not go
I
ae
so do not take this batman the rest of the rest
is in a
holding a mirror does not exist
and there is no local all
places as dangerous as I said stay
smart the stratum today that I do not want
morning that you were a victim of
a robbery and or whatever, unfortunately.
they are at the most serious it will not
let us move here oh my god
from the sky
there I was not even a little bit alone
just a little bit more just a little bit
thank you thank you thank Aunt earned
thanks
the equipment right here
Just hug everyone, call more than
Call it tasty and come to us hug
Anything leaked new can come
but tomorrow has news embrace all
world comes to us